README.md, before:

[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/yoichiro/chromeos-filesystem-cifs/badges/gpa.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/yoichiro/chromeos-filesystem-cifs)

# File System for CIFS

File System for CIFS provides you an ability to access to your SMB/CIFS storage directly from the Files app.

<!--
<a target="_blank" href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/file-system-for-dropbox/hlffpaajmfllggclnjppbblobdhokjhe">
  Go to File System for Dropbox page on Chrome WebStore
</a>
-->

<!--
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/yoichiro/chromeos-filesystem-dropbox/master/docs/screenshot_2.png">
-->

## How to build

```
$ git clone https://github.com/yoichiro/chromeos-filesystem-cifs.git
$ cd chromeos-filesystem-cifs
$ npm install
$ grunt
```

## Dependent libraries

* [Polymer](https://www.polymer-project.org/)
* [jQuery](http://jquery.com/)

## License

All files are licensed under the BSD license. See the LICENSE file for details.
All original source code is Copyright 2015 Yoichiro Tanaka.

Commit message:

Added the link to the code structure document for the README.md file.

README.md, after:

[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/yoichiro/chromeos-filesystem-cifs/badges/gpa.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/yoichiro/chromeos-filesystem-cifs)

# File System for CIFS

File System for CIFS provides you an ability to access to your SMB/CIFS storage directly from the Files app.

<!--
<a target="_blank" href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/file-system-for-dropbox/hlffpaajmfllggclnjppbblobdhokjhe">
  Go to File System for Dropbox page on Chrome WebStore
</a>
-->

<!--
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/yoichiro/chromeos-filesystem-dropbox/master/docs/screenshot_2.png">
-->

## For Developers

Please visit [Code Structure](https://github.com/yoichiro/chromeos-filesystem-cifs/blob/master/docs/code_structure.md) document, if you want to know the detail of this software.

## How to build

```
$ git clone https://github.com/yoichiro/chromeos-filesystem-cifs.git
$ cd chromeos-filesystem-cifs
$ npm install
$ grunt
```

## Dependent libraries

* [Polymer](https://www.polymer-project.org/)
* [jQuery](http://jquery.com/)

## License

All files are licensed under the BSD license. See the LICENSE file for details.
All original source code is Copyright 2015 Yoichiro Tanaka.
